notes


three leves of the dreams relam

Lucid/conscious 
inconcious 
limbo

three main mechanism that represent these leves

a big roulette, when u play the result shows on monitor, telling prophecy: it might be right or not, but that’s it 

about the accordion theme, I imagine a wide room with as background any sorts of strange mechanism, bellows and furnaces at work 

your purpose on life 

world is coming to end, people can’t heal it neither escape on other planets, but there’s another option: let the planet die and refuge in dreams. It’s not a valid solution, it only permits the earth to live without its biggest enemy: humans. All people are sleeping, so they aren’t consuming any natural products, the planet can maybe recover, but something is still needed to keep humans dreaming. 
Who controls that, which are his powers, where does he come from? and who created him?

Morpheus is the dreams ruler, Virgilium the guide in the deepest chasms, Satan live in ice waiting his vengeance, are you sure that this hell is just a nightmare? 
Live your dream as if it were your last, you don’t want to wake up, right? 

Can dreams be the escape? Or that's only a way to refuse and avoid life's pain that can't resolve anything?

NEW NOTES 7/8/21

Is revealed that “this archy” is just another teraki’s puppet and the real one is relegated in limbo

u need to discover which of the traces left in the path are from the real archy, he’s hiding his messages in the Dream’s tissue, but that’s not easy from his prison

teraki after had learnt everything from Archibald felt the need to discover more, indeed continued his researches, betrayed his master and guide and lost his mind travelling limbo 

He’s a young guy that has all in his lucid life: a wealth family, friends, lovers…
when u have everything nothing is enough tho, and he bought the access to dreams relam, eager to experience more and more, have more, escape from an ideal life, boring for him tho

He have made an agreement with someone very powerful, promising a part of his self;
but the collection hadn’t any date
